I will tell about the novelty of the Chinese company
meizu still in the ranks of the phone is called mx-5
enough
in the ranks of geeks expected except
He called meizu seems to me alone
once again the advantages of the laptop in the ranks
such people who are interested in smartphones
technology and other technologies
very expected smartphone very quickly
run through the most important numbers which
I personally have nothing to say
here is a knowledgeable yes here is an eight-core 64
bit processor very cool clock
frequency 2 and 2 GB people standing paris it
quickly and well take a word well
personally what is important to me is the camera it is 20.7
This is ehegey and internal 5 that is, this
coolest iphone and more than that
last samsung
yes yes yes in size this is loyalty this
average between the sixth iphone 6 plus
give and let's compare I am
borrow
open you then the phone will perfectly understand and
what message is this here i need
Differences a bit but give all the air
almost all the same any more as 6 plus
see we will now take a photo
I just want to just show
What is the quality of the reverse camera here?
usual but this is the opposite
was the usual spot is now burdening
by the way he
looking for video see how we write video
by the way nothing on the quality of the camera so here
even wanted to give it all to play
I wanted to shoot the letter prompter well suffer
the metal doesn't work but
fairly lightweight battery 3 and 100
milliampere therefore enough as promised
manufacturers for almost two days
use well here all promise
long actually pocket date can
be it so it is yes yes yes so what of
here everyone loves interesting features
this button before it was sensory and
with click and now it is possible here
you can use it and it works
On sensor unlock phone he
of course it works on android
specific shell well and interesting
such a function it works on gestures with
screen that is, let's say that I did
installed the VKontakte application in order
to activate enough to do on
on the screen a little letter v this is so cool but
and in general, such functions that it can
respond like this is a breakthrough on movement
there is also some kind of gesture system about
drawing please don't know but food
contains funny very quickly for there a
how in what like victor tick crap and
will be able to understand VKontakte
I'll tell you more about the functionality
smartphone works on 2 sim cards
who needs to call it there
other use the internet too
possible but here 's my conversation
as far as I know, we have to lead this
smartphone from the plan will state the reason because
that all the same china and pandas I leave you
I come to another location tell about
best selling smartphones with
last half you while the field is very
interesting here look here at 1 no
also there are some gestures here look
here are the gestures
I do not use this technique on the iPhone
what glands inexpensive dear Lesha
sufi lenovo has become the fastest growing
companies in the Russian smartphone market
over the past six months the chinese
doubled sales and even entered the top three
leaders of our country than all
surprised well and lenovo later we start with
first place in the ranking of gold
goes to the South Korean company
percentage samsung is 22
percent of all devices sold and
thousand fifteenth year
it gets that while i go from metro to
editions in almost every fifth pocket
passerby new smartphone nameplate
samsung let's consider one of the most
popular models of course speech
last samsung galaxy s6 released
With 5 IS-4, here are the average price tags
are presented
well what we go further second place
This year's sales are leaving the gadget from
nokia rather microsoft so still past
in the fall, the company bought from the Finns and
production units and
mobile phone service so here
microsoft are in the top three with
With such data, 10 percent sold in
this year's smartphones let's also
consider what models could bring
These results are about lumia 540
lumia 1320 or I have 735 some of the most
latest models
Well, now go to the third place in
ranking silver medal go
chinese company lenovo
Well, it would seem surprising that they entered
in the top three and what's the matter different
from january to june lenovo
sold smartphones to shocking 6
billion rubles
even got around samsung in the price range
from 5 to 10 thousand rubles for sales in
in kind lenovo also
add that for the year increased sales
their smartphones one and a half to two times this
got due to the containment of price scenes then
there is when other brands after the jump
currencies and raised prices for their gadgets
in lenovo gritting his teeth held and
sold smartphones at old prices
I was glad that year for lenovo
released 10 new models and here
some are lenovo p780
a6000 and p90 smartphone that already comes with
preloaded game world of tanks
but also with a rating of winners we
sorted on another interesting
point looking at the fact that some sales
companies soared to the skies
situation in the mobile phone market
still sad and sale in kind
terms decreased by 11 percent if
before the Russians for the same time
the segment acquired more than 10 million
smartphones
then this time cost only 9
millions of gadgets see realizing
situation in the market of technology company
relieve turnover apple shipments fell
at forty five and seven percent at samsung
14 and 4 it remains to hope that Russia does not
come back from holidays and mass will rush
save the market
buy new smartphones